chp2

• An agent is something that perceives and acts in an environment. The agent function for an agent specifies the action taken by the agent in response to any percept sequence.
• The performance measure evaluates the behavior of the agent in an environment. A rational agent acts so as to maximize the expected value of the performance measure, given the percept sequence it has seen so far.
• A task environment specification includes the performance measure, the external en- vironment, the actuators, and the sensors. In designing an agent, the first step must always be to specify the task environment as fully as possible.
• Task environments vary along several significant dimensions. They can be fully or partially observable, single-agent or multiagent, deterministic or stochastic, episodic or sequential, static or dynamic, discrete or continuous, and known or unknown.
• The agent program implements the agent function. There exists a variety of basic agent-program designs reflecting the kind of information made explicit and used in the decision process. The designs vary in efficiency, compactness, and flexibility. The appropriate design of the agent program depends on the nature of the environment.
• Simple reflex agents respond directly to percepts, whereas model-based reflex agents maintain internal state to track aspects of the world that are not evident in the current percept. Goal-based agents act to achieve their goals, and utility-based agents try to maximize their own expected “happiness.”
• All agents can improve their performance through learning. BIBLIOGRAPHICAL